# project-2
ABSTRACT
The wine is a fruit wine made from grapes, rich in nutrition and obvious in health care. It is widely known that wine is one of the healthiest and most hygienic drinks. The aim of this report is to investigate whether the composition of wine can be the main reason for distinguishing different wines. Based on the dataset of 178 wines’ chemical composition analyze their key characteristics, including their alcohol content, malic acid (Malic acid is an important chemical composition in fruit juice, the palate is close to natural juice and has a natural aroma) in each bottle, color intensity of different cultivars and so on. Overall, the results observe that some of the composition of different wines varies greatly, the composition of the same variety of wine can be maintained in a stable range. The report concludes that, in the generally speaking, people can distinguish the brand of wine by the chemical composition of wine. It is recommended that customers should have relevant knowledge when purchasing wine, when consumers feel cheated, they should look for a professional organization to identify the variety of wine.
Introduction
Wine alcohol is higher than beer and lower than liquor, more and more popular with people[2]. As sales have risen, some criminals have used low-priced wine instead of high-priced wine to sell, because the taste of the two wines is almost the same, it is difficult for consumers to distinguish, the credibility of the alcohol market is affected. Recently a number of national governments are introducing policies to deal with fake wines. This report will discuss relationship between wine types and its chemical composition.
Methodology
The research used quantitative analysis method based on wine data set by Michele Forina (1958) [1]. These data set is the results of chemical composition analysis of wines in Italy but all data is collected in the same region. All data contain three cultivars and there are 13 attributes about wines, the content of 13 components was determined by chemical measurement. All data is recorded as a numerical value in the table as csv.
